( music playing )
- ( bell chiming )
- ( chatter )
12, 13, 14,
15, 16, 17.
Okay, this place is huge.
How much did
you say this is?
It's 250.
A month.
It's got
really great light.
Okay, what do you think
I could get for, like, 800?
I mean, two thumbs
the fuck up.
Well...
does that mean
you want it?
( screams )
( music playing )
( birds chirping )
( music continues )
( chatter )
( bell dings )
- Don't bother.
- What?
You're in Iowa.
No one locks their bike here.
- Really?
- 100%.
Are you a first-year?
Uh, no. Me?
I'm in graduate school.
Yeah, no, you don't look
like an undergrad at all.
Sorry, bro.
Well, I mean,
a lot of people
think I am 19.
I get carded all the time
and no one ever thinks
I'm legal,
like, in the bedroom.
I'm gonna
break eye contact
with you now.
Let's go get
your materials.
Awesome.
Are you sure
I can leave my bike?
Hell, yeah.
This is Iowa.
Okay, this is my living room,
which is really more like
a lounging parlor.
This is my shelf
of curiosities.
There's my Lubriderm.
This is my kitchen.
I'm sort of figuring out
the decorative scheme.
Can you believe
it just took me four minutes
to show you my entire house?
In New York
it would've taken
four seconds.
I'm telling you,
Iowa's incredible.
We should all move here
and start the revolution.
No one is moving
to Iowa ever,
but I'm so, so glad
you're happy.
- Seriously.
- Honestly, I feel like
I made the right decision,
which is a totally
new sensation for me.
I mean,
I'm eating grapes
as a snack.
I knew you would
do it eventually.
- How's New York?
- It's really good.
And don't start.
Don't start with what?
I just know that you're
gonna try to talk to me
about Adam right now
and you're gonna be
subtle about it.
Don't start.
I'm not gonna tell you.
I didn't want to talk about Adam
until you brought Adam up.
- I mean, how is Adam?
- Oh, my God!
Marnie, we talked about,
like, 20 things first.
I just know
that whatever I tell you
is gonna make you act weird.
Marnie, I've 100%
moved on, okay?
I'm here, I'm totally
at one with my body
and my surroundings.
- Good.
- I just want to make sure
that if he were to, say,
go into to the hospital,
you would let me know.
Okay, here's the deal.
If he goes into the hospital,
I will tell you.
I promise.
Great.
That's all I ask for.
By the way,
what are you doing?
You haven't knit since,
like, second semester,
freshman year,
when you made the hat
for the bipolar guy.
You're gonna make fun of me.
- I'm knitting Desi a scarf.
- So you made him one?
Why didn't you
just go to Uniqlo
like a regular person?
Because I wanted
to make him one
so it's, like, homemade,
and so that I'm always with him.
- I don't know.
- Even when he's
with his girlfriend.
This is why I'm not
telling anyone about us.
You mean because
it's an affair and those
are generally kept secret?
No, and stop using
that word.
It's because people
are really judgmental
and they're threatened
by this idea.
- Mm-hmm.
- Would they be happier
if their boyfriend ha--
- Marn?
- ( keyboard clicking )
( no audio )
Marn, your face is frozen
in a very funny position.
( cash register dings )
Cool, well, that's it.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Your hair looks like
it smells great.
It smells so good.
Must be nice
to have your parents
paying for all your shit.
What?
Just, you know, must be nice
to still be on the teat.
I'm a graduate student,
so that's not really
my situation anymore.
Okay.
So, yeah, this is
four things of nuts.
- Four nuts.
- Brain food.
Four nuts
for a nut, right?
Cool.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
Oh, my God.
What did you do?
It's a long story,
but the strip still works
and that's what matters.
I mean, it looks like
somebody tried to cut it
and then you found it
in the garbage.
Nope, my card.
Says my name on it.
Okay, fine.
I don't really
care anyway.
Normally,
you would do this...
- ( machine beeps )
- Uh-oh. It says we
gotta call Amex.
- You have another card?
- Nope, let's call Amex.
No, I don't want to.
Just give me another card.
I said let's call Amex.
If it says let's call Amex,
let's call Amex.
Okay. Who travels
with one card?
Just have another card.
- Can you call Amex?
- Absolutely, yeah.
- Thank you so much.
- Customer's always right.
Thank you.
That's not true,
though.
Yeah, don't bother.
You're in the dead zone.
It's, like, this block
and, like, 200 feet that way.
Yeah, but my phone
worked here earlier.
Yeah, I don't know.
It's weird and random.
Phones work
at the yacht club, though.
You should come by.
Battle of the Bands tonight.
I'm drumming...
in both bands.
( dogs barking in distance )
( item thuds, rattles )
( wings fluttering )
( fluttering continues )
( screams )
No!
( fluttering continues )
( screams )
No!
There's a bat.
( whimpering )
( door handle rattling )
Fuck.
( thuds )
( bat squeaking )
( exhaling )
( birds chirping )
Fuck, shit!
( sighs, blows raspberry )
Ow.
Man:
"She comes home after work
smelling of cheap beer
and menthols,
grabbing at her cheek,
crying over her rotting tooth.
'Looks like a fuckin'
black hole,' she says.
'How do they expect me
to bag groceries when
I got this pain?'
She smokes some of the pot
I got her from my buddy Whiz.
'Give Mommy a kiss.
I love you,' she says.
I go to my room
and draw pictures
of her rotting tooth."
Thank you, D. August.
Who wants to say
what the story was about?
First of all,
I just want to say
that I thought this
was one of the best pieces
that I've read
in this program so far,
- and I'm a second-year.
- Ah.
Gut-wrenching.
And not asking
to wrench our guts.
Just wrenching them.
Chester, hi.
Chester Chong.
- Hi.
- Hey, what's up?
- Chester.
- Um, hi.
I liked how the language
was really spare but cutting,
and I thought you played
with gender in a way
that was really surprising
and, like, almost offensive
but not offensive.
- Man: It's a really fine line.
- Yeah, he's just walking it.
- It's really good.
- Yeah.
I agree.
Man, I would literally cut
my arm off or pay you
everything I have
just to write
three more pages of that.
I need to know more,
please.
Well, I assume
the mom dies.
Okay, let's change
focus here.
Hannah?
Okay, so I just
wanted to say that I know
you've all read the story
in the privacy
of your own homes,
but hearing me
read it aloud here today
may bring up some of the more
triggering aspects of the piece,
so I just want you to feel free
to quietly leave the room
or express your
emotional reaction
in any way that feels safe,
even if that is
kind of a darker expression.
Okay, here goes.
This story's called
"Contact."
"There was no going back.
There were new rules now,
new reasons for him to call.
He made choices
and I obeyed.
I let him press his thumb
so hard into my neck
that blue marks appeared.
I let him bend my limbs
ways they didn't go,
and once his arm
reared back
and his fist
landed with a thud
on my collar bone,
like sex,
that didn't feel like
anything I thought it would.
He moved me
where I had to go.
The goal
was not to say no,
and so it didn't
matter if I was good
in my choicelessness.
I was free for a moment."
Okay, what is
this story about?
It's about
a really privileged girl
deciding that
she's just gonna let
someone abuse her.
Man:
Yeah, that's what
it's about.
Honestly,
I was very distracted
by how "Fifty Shades" it was.
I actually haven't read
"Fifty Shades of"--
Hannah, you know
you have to sit tight
until we're done discussing.
Okay.
In some ways,
I was struggling
not to be offended
because it seemed
to really trivialize
the very real abuse
suffered by some.
I don't know
if anybody else
felt that way.
- Chester: Yeah.
- That was just one paragraph.
Hannah.
Anything else?
No?
Okay.
What's working?
I'm sorry, I have
to say something.
I'm actually
really struggling with how
to talk about this piece.
Like, I tried
writing my notes
for Hannah last night,
but I think there's
a larger issue here,
which is how are we
supposed to critique a work
which is very clearly based
directly from the author's
personal experience?
- Mm.
- Hmm.
I had the chance to speak
with Hannah yesterday
and she is very much
this character.
- Woman: Hmm.
- Man: Yeah.
Teacher:
Because this is
a fiction workshop,
I think we need to treat
every piece we receive in here
as a work of fiction.
Uh, but I have
the same problem,
and I've never even met her.
It's just-- look at her.
She's obviously her.
I mean, the main character
is a girl with a lot
of tattoos named Anna.
Who needs
to eat every two hours
or she passes out.
Well, even if the character
was named Hannah,
it doesn't mean
it's about her.
I mean, writers
do that all the time.
We know that, right?
And if it's about her,
so what?
Who fucking cares?
This is her voice.
This is who she is.
We can't squash her voice
of what she's trying to say.
Totally, D. August.
As usual, you hit
the nail on the head.
That's not really
my problem with her piece.
I definitely felt
a lack of sympathy towards
the male perspective
and some stunted
feminist idea--
- I'm sorry,
can I say one thing?
- No, not yet. Not yet.
- Five words.
- No, I know it's hard,
but just not yet.
- One word.
- Hannah.
History.
History didn't really focus
on the female perspective.
I forgot
what I was saying.
Woman:
Stunted feminist idea.
Yeah, for me it would be
much more interesting
if there was
a complex examination
about the real ways
that people challenge
each other sexually.
( chatter )
- You coming?
- Do they have onion rings
at the Fox Head?
( laughs )
- Hey.
You headed
for the Fox Head?
No, I'm just gonna go home
and metabolize the notes
that I was given,
figure out a way
to integrate them
into my work
in a fashion
that makes sense to me.
No, no, no, no,
you gotta go or everybody
thinks you're a baby.
No one's gonna think
I'm a baby.
- I'm metabolizing my notes.
- Look, you're gonna go through
a lot of these, okay?
So, suck it up.
I'll see you there,
all right?
I'm not stressed!
No fucking way.
Hello?
Please bring
my bike back!
- ( bike bell rings )
- Woman: I mean, look.
That is the danger
of conferences, right?
They really attract, like,
the lowest common denominator
who don't want to write.
They just want to talk
about writing.
- Man: It's awful.
- I don't mean that
in a bad way.
- I just mean--
- I'm just gonna
get another beer.
Do you guys
want anything?
- Hannah: We're cool.
- No, thanks.
Honestly, Logan, I felt
so misunderstood in class.
Oh, yeah.
I can understand
that feeling, you know?
But you have to understand
it's all just a part
of one big process.
Because in the real world,
let's just say you were to
actually get "published."
I mean, you can't go to
everybody's house individually
and defend your work, you know?
It's important
to know how your work
comes across to a reader.
I know, but, like,
okay, just here alone,
woman to woman,
you don't have
to put on a show,
you didn't actually think
the piece was insensitive
to sufferers
of abuse, did you?
That is
how I perceived it.
But it's just a story.
Stories can be
very powerful, Hannah.
Oh, my God.
What's wrong?
You're a survivor
of abuse.
( laughs )
What?
Of course you're gonna
be sensitive to it.
You have a right
to be sensitive to it.
You're a survivor
of abuse.
Hannah, I don't know
what you're talking about.
I knew aspects of the story
would be triggering,
but I didn't imagine
just how close to home
it would hit.
Okay, great,
you don't know
what I'm talking about.
You don't know
what you're talking about.
And my story
isn't about the time
that I took
a couple Quaaludes
and asked my boyfriend
to punch me in the chest.
TMI, Hannah.
TMI.
By the way, TMI is such
an outdated concept.
There's no such thing
as too much information.
This is
the Information Age.
We're all just here
to express ourselves,
so it's like
to censor each other?
We're no better than...
George W. Bush.
Woman on TV:
When you licked my face,
when you put your tongue
on my cheek,
apparently that was
just what you needed
to get in the mood
to rip out my molars, right?
I hope someday
I know the passion
that Huck feels for Quinn.
Woman on TV:
But your tongue in my mouth?
That's different.
- You put your tongue
in my mouth...
- ( phone ringing )
...and now I deserve
to live?
- That's a thing?
- Okay, it's, like,
just a bunch of zeroes.
Jessa:
Prison.
Hello?
Automated voice:
You have a collect call from...
This is Hannah.
My phone broke.
Hello? What?
Hannah?
Automated voice:
To accept this call,
press one.
Dude, something insane
is happening right now.
- It's Hannah?
- Can you hear me?
This is a--
Automated voice:
Please enter your choice now.
I, like,
can't understand her.
It's really fast.
Hannah's voice:
This is Hannah.
My phone broke.
- Automated voice:
...is calling collect.
- Can you hear me?
Automated voice:
To accept charges,
press 1 now.
Accept the call!
- Should I pause?
- Hello?
Have you ever heard
of a collect call...
- ( dial tone humming )
- ...you motherfucking cunts?
( beeping )
Automated voice:
Say your name after the tone.
- ( beeps )
- This is your daughter Hannah.
Please pick up.
- Honey?
- Is it Hannah?
Yeah, collect.
She's calling collect.
- Accept the charges.
- ( line beeps )
- Hi.
- Loreen: Honey,
what happened to your phone?
Tad:
Ask her what happened
to her phone.
Oh, I just dropped it
in a creek 'cause I was...
creek walking
with just a group
of my new friends.
Oh, that's nice.
She has a bunch
of new friends.
- Yeah? Ask her
what their names are.
- What are their names?
Oh, their names
are Shannon...
- Shannon.
- ...Jeff...
- Jeff.
- Okay.
- ...Jonesly...
Jonesly.
...Rancheny, Nagasaki,
and Cher.
Loreen:
There are a bunch.
Hey, tell us more.
Have you had class yet?
Uh, no, I didn't
have class yet.
Just getting ready
and, you know, hangin'
with the new pals.
Hey, Mommy,
can I ask you
a question?
Sure, of course.
Is it normal when you
get to a new place
to think about suicide
for the first time ever?
- What?
- Not that you want
to do it or anything.
Just that you could do it.
You're thinking
about ways to do it
that never occurred
to you before, you know?
Just like cutting off
your own wrist.
I don't know.
It's just that
it's the only way
to get out of
your current situation
that you're in.
Yeah, I think
that's normal.
I mean, whenever
I'm on a very high building,
I always think
I could jump.
- Just because.
- You do.
Honey, can you ask Hannah
to call us back when we're
done with the game?
Ooh, your dad wants us
to call you back.
I think he has
a really good word.
- Wait.
- We'll call you right back,
okay, sweetie?
- Tad: I think I can make...
- ( dial tone humming )
Who opened the door?!
I'm not kidding!
I have a self-defense
keychain
that I bought
illegally, okay?
And I can slice you
from top to bottom!
Hello?
- Hello?
- ( door opens )
I have a family!
( screams )
- What are you even doing?!
- Calm down.
On the way here
from the airport,
two people asked me
if I was Blake Lively's
husband.
Iowa is amazing!
- What are you doing here?
- Well, your last text
was sort of a bummer,
so I figured
maybe you could use
a candy striper.
Elijah, I can't use
I'm in the midst
of a very intense--
- I love you.
I love you.
But there's no way
that you came here
just to be nice to me.
Okay, well,
that hurts my feelings.
Honestly, New York
was just too grotesque.
I mean, I just feel
like a fucking loser.
I just keep running
into people that
I've slept with,
and then last week
I saw a homeless woman
fist herself on my stoop.
No.
It's like
I've had enough.
- I love you so much.
- I love you, too.
- I hate everyone
who isn't you.
- Me, too.
- I've been
saying that for years.
- ( whimpers )
Why don't you change
out of whatever this is,
'cause we're
gonna go to a rager
on North Linn Street!
Elijah, I would love
to go to a rager,
but I'm sorry.
I have to, you know,
revise my story
and meditate
on Priya's story and--
let's forget who we are.
That's why I'm here.
- Your body looks amazing.
- Oh, thanks.
I haven't seen
your pubic hair
in a long time.
I just grew it back.
♪ Three, six, nine,
damn you're fine ♪
♪ Move it so you can sock it
to me one more time ♪
♪ Get low, get low,
get low, get low, get low,
get low, get low ♪
♪ To the window,
to the window ♪
♪ To the wall,
to the wall ♪
♪ Till the sweat drop
down my balls, my balls ♪
♪ Till all these bitches
crawl, crawl ♪
♪ To all skeet, skeet,
motherfucker, motherfucker ♪
♪ All skeet, skeet,
God damn, God damn ♪
♪ To all skeet, skeet,
motherfucker, motherfucker ♪
♪ All skeet, skeet,
God damn, God damn ♪
♪ Shorty crunk, so fresh,
so clean, can she fuck? ♪
♪ That question
been harassing me
in the mind ♪
♪ This bitch is fine,
I done came to the club
about 50-11 times ♪
♪ Now I can play
with yo' panty line? ♪
♪ The club owner said
I need to calm down ♪
♪ Security guard's
gonna sweat me now ♪
♪ Nigga drunk,
then a motherfucker
threaten me now ♪
♪ She gettin'
crunk in the club,
I mean she workin' ♪
♪ And then I like to see
them females twerking ♪
♪ Taking their clothes off,
bucky naked ♪
♪ ATL ho don't dis
like this ♪
♪ Bend over to the front,
touch your toes ♪
♪ Back that ass up and down
and get low, get low ♪
♪ Bend over to the front,
touch your toes ♪
♪ Back that ass up and down
and get low. ♪
I'm not gay.
Yeah, me neither, bro.
Oh? Okay.
- ( man grunts )
- Elijah: All right.
- Man: Yeah.
- Elijah: Yeah.
Parties are fun, right?
Is this what happens
at every party?
Every party I'm at.
( woman sobbing )
Excuse me, ding-a-ling,
coming through.
What's wrong?
My boyfriend,
he's cheating on me.
Your boyfriend
is cheating on you?
Where the fuck
is that dingbat?
Des Moines.
He goes to Iowa State.
Oh, so you're saying
it's a long-distance thing?
Uh-huh.
Oh, then you're gonna
need to snap out of it.
Them's the rules, honey.
Don't ask, don't tell.
If you're not gonna know
what he's doing there,
he's not gonna know
what you're doing here.
And that's okay.
And that's why you're gonna
move into that living room,
and you are gonna
bust a nut.
You are gonna get your dick wet.
You are gonna get yours.
That's what you need to do.
You can't sit around think--
being Little Miss Faithful.
That's fucking crazy.
- Are you crazy?
- No.
I'm sorry.
Here, drink this.
Drink this.
It's okay.
It's just I've seen
a lot of things.
I'm 25 years old
and I'm here to help you,
all right?
All right?
You're gonna be all right.
You're gonna
be all right, okay?
I'm gonna use
the bathroom before you.
Thank you.
( music blaring )
( cheering )
Get her!
Come on, Hannah!
( chanting )
Fight! Fight! Fight!
Scissor her!
Really lez out!
That's what
they all wanna see!
( grunting )
- Yeah!
- Go, take her down!
Whoo!
( groans )
( cheering )
- Yeah!
- ( chanting )
Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
( birds chirping )
Elijah?
Elijah, let's go.
Hannah, we did it.
We did it.
Come on.
Everyone's sleeping.
Why is everybody asleep?
- Fuckin' pussy.
- ( thuds )
Hannah:
I want to go back
to undergrad school.
I don't want to stay
in grad school.
Elijah: Iowa.
♪ I see gold
in the air ♪
- ♪ And promise
in the streams... ♪
- ( chattering )
♪ I see love
in our hearts ♪
♪ And futures
in our dreams ♪
♪ It's a tunnel
kind of vision ♪
♪ Like alcohol's
involved ♪
♪ And I'll stray
like a hound dog ♪
♪ But I'ma come back
when she calls ♪
♪ When she calls ♪
♪ I'll come to her ♪
♪ I had a dream ♪
♪ I had a dream
last night ♪
♪ Shaking like a soldier
in my shoes ♪
♪ I had a dream ♪
♪ You were
a laser light ♪
♪ Burning down the city
in my blues ♪
♪ I owe it all to you ♪
♪ I owe it all to you,
I do ♪
♪ I owe it all to you ♪
♪ She got ash
on her dress ♪
♪ And the devil
in her eyes ♪
♪ With this Texas
disposition ♪
♪ And a temper
just like mine ♪
♪ It's a tunnel
kind of vision ♪
♪ Like alcohol's
involved ♪
♪ And I'll stray
like a hound dog ♪
♪ But I'ma come back
when she calls ♪
♪ When she calls ♪
♪ I'll come to her ♪
♪ I'll come to her. ♪